** Data preparation part:
After inspecting the csv files from the data source, it was realized that many columns were not needed. Thus keeping only
the information of interest such as date and division of the match played, home and away team, and for both of them the amount of goals,
shots, shots on target, red and yellow cards were kept too.

The date format in the data source didn't match the representation we preferred to talk about: Typically sports leagues are distributed into 
match weeks or rounds, where teams get to face one team per round and all teams play. The german bundesliga has in total 34 match weeks, with a
sum of 9 matches per match week. The Date information was then transformed to an integer value between [1, 34] for this representation.

Other information of interest that did not come from the data source was the location of each match. From the 10 seasons the data source supplied,
a list of all teams that took part playing as home team was made and then information on the name of the stadium and the state in which the stadium
is located were searched to compile another data source.

**** Importing raw data into our CDWH -->> this probably goes after explaining our snow-flake and star schema.
*** Section: Going from raw data to useful information:
Once the raw data had been uploaded to a MySQL server and transformed in a staging database, the CDWH and DM had to be set up and their tables
properly structured, linked according to existing data contained in the staging area and knowledge on range of the data set. SQL scripts were 
created and executed to carry out this labour. 

On the data mart database, views were created to query for commonly interesting information, such as: How well does a team do depending on where
they play? Are they better when playing home or is it neglectable? What teams scored the most goals per season?

The result of these queries were imported using Microsoft Excel to create pivot tables and generate charts to perform analytics.